repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#activity_id",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#context_id",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#timestamp"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultStatus",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#penaltyScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#assignedActivity",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#reportingMethod",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#scoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#result"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#lineItemOf",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#Activity"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#Activity",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultAgent"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScore"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#gradedBy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#comment"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Result",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lis/v2/LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#activity_id",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#context_id",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#assignedActivity",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#results",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#reportingMethod",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#scoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#Activity"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#Activity",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/LineItemContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#sourcedId"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#context_id",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lineItems"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#timestamp"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultStatus",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultOf",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#penaltyScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#result"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItemContainer",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#Person",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScore"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultAgent"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#gradedBy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#comment"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Result",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lis/v2/outcomes/ResultContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScore"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultAgent"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#gradedBy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#comment"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lis/v2/Result"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#timestamp"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultStatus",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultOf",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#penaltyScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditScore",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditMaximum",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#Person",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScore"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultAgent"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#gradedBy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#comment"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Result",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lis/v2p1/Result"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#linkLineItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#AssignmentLink"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#FileItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxyBinding",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ci" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "exp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "liso" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lisp" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lti/v2/AssignmentLink.init"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#email",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#key",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_value",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#LongName.Type"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#key",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_value",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#Text.Type"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_family",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#technical_description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_version",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_owner",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_provider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_info",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#support",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceDescriptor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#format",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#endpoint",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#action",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#timestamp",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_owner_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#timestamp",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_provider_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#support",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#capability_offered"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#timestamp",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#contact",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#vendor_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#website",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestServiceProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestService"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolConsumerProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Contact",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ShortLocalizedName"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Contact"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestService"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestService"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolConsumerProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconInfo",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ShortLocalizedName"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductFamily",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceDescriptor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Contact",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductFamily"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "GET" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#GET",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "POST" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#POST",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Variable",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#OutcomesCapability",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#MessageType",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#code"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceType",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_instance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lti_version"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "GET" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#GET",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "POST" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#POST",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lti/v2/ToolConsumerProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#selector",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#secure_base_url",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_base_url",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#applies_to",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#email",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Endpoint"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_location",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#key",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#icon_style"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#key",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_value",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#LongName.Type"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#key",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_value",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "allValuesFrom" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#Text.Type"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Endpoint"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#enabled_capability"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#message_type",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#parameter"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#variable",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#fixed",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_family",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#technical_description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_version",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_owner",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_provider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_info",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#support",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#resource_type",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#icon_info"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#message",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#resource_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceDescriptor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#format",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#endpoint",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#action",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#action",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_service"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#shared_secret",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#end_user_service"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#timestamp",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_owner_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#timestamp",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_provider_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#support",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#base_url_choice",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_proxy_guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_profile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lti_version",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_consumer_profile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#security_contract",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#timestamp",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#contact",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#vendor_name",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#website",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestServiceProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestService"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlSelector"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlChoice",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Contact",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#PropertyMap",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlChoice"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconEndpoint",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ShortLocalizedName"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Contact"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#MessageHandler",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#SecurityContract"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestService"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Parameter"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestService"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolConsumerProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconInfo",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconInfo",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ShortLocalizedName"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#MessageHandler",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#MessageHandler"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Parameter"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Parameter",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#MessageHandler"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Endpoint"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductFamily",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceType",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlChoice"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#SecurityContract",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlSelector",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlChoice"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceDescriptor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#SecurityContract"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Contact",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#SecurityContract"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Parameter"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductFamily"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:    "GET" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#GET",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:    "POST" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#POST",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Variable",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#OutcomesCapability",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Endpoint",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#path"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#code"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_instance"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lti_version"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#custom_url"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#custom"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#AssignmentLink",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxyBinding",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_proxy_guid",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#custom_url"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#AssignmentLink",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxyBinding",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxyId"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxys.folder/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxys.folder/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti-type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxys.folder/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltic" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxys.folder/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "ltiv" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxys.folder/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "GET" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#GET",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxys.folder/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "POST" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#POST",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxys.folder/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lti/v2/ToolProxy"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#custom_url",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:            "onProperty" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#custom",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@type" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#PropertyMap",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:          "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/ENHANCED_CONTEXT.json:      "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:    "lti" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#",
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings/JSON_LD_CONTEXT.json:  "@id" : "http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/ctx/lti/v2/ToolSettings"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:@prefix exp: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#activityTemplate
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#activity_id
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#Activity
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/caliper/v1/core/exp.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:@prefix exp: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:@prefix lti: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:@prefix liso: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:@prefix lti-type: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#assignedActivity
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#comment
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#dataSource
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#gradedBy
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#lineItemOf
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#reportingMethod
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#result
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultAgent
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultOf
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScoreConstraints
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultStatus
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#results
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#scoreConstraints
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lineItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditMaximum
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#extraCreditScore
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalMaximum
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#normalScore
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#penaltyScore
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#resultScore
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#timestamp
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalMaximum
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#totalScore
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/caliper/v1/core#Activity
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AbstractResult
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#AssignmentAdministration
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LISResult
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItemContainer
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#NumericLimits
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Result
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ResultContainer
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ResultStatus
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ScoreConstraints
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#DataValue.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Completed
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Final
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Initialized
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Started
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#result
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/liso:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lineItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:@prefix lism: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:@prefix lisp: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#ExternalInstructor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#ExternalLearner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#GuestInstructor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#GuestLearner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#Instructor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#Learner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#Lecturer
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#NonCreditLearner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#PrimaryInstructor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#SecondaryInstructor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#membership
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#LISMembership
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#LISMembershipContainer
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#LISRole
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#LISPerson
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#Instructor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#Learner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#TeachingAssistant
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/mm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#membership
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:@prefix lism: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:@prefix lisp: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#email
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#resultSourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#user_id
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/mm#LISMembership
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#LISPerson
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lis/v2/pm:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/pm#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:@prefix ci: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:@prefix lti: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#icon
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#placementOf
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#presentation_document_target
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#thumbnail
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#copyAdvice
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#displayHeight
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#displayWidth
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#expiresAt
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#height
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#mediaType
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#text
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#title
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#width
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#windowTarget
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItemPlacement
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#FileItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#Image
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#DocumentTarget
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v1/ci.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:@prefix lti: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:@prefix ltic: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#OutcomesCapability
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/capability.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/capability#Result.autocreate
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:@prefix ci: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:@prefix lti: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:@prefix liso: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:@prefix lti-type: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#lineItemOf
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#action
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#applies_to
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#base_url_choice
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#capability_offered
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#code
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#contact
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#context
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#context_lineitems
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#custom
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_location
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_value
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#description
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#email
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#enabled_capability
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#end_user_service
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#fixed
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#guid
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#http_method
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#icon_info
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#icon_style
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#instance
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#key
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#latestResult
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lineItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lineItems
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#linkCapability
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#linkLineItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#linkLineItem_results
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#lti_version
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#message
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#message_class
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#message_type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#parameter
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_family
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_info
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_instance
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_name
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#product_version
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#profile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#resource_handler
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#resource_link_id
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#resource_name
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#resource_type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#resource_type_owner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#security_contract
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#selector
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_offered
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_owner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_owner_name
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_provider
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#service_provider_name
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#support
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#technical_description
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_consumer_profile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_profile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_proxy_guid
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#tool_service
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#variable
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#vendor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#vendor_name
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#version
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#absolute_path_allowed
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#context_id
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#custom_url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#default_base_url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#endpoint
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#format
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#name
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#path
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#secure_base_url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#shared_secret
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#timestamp
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#website
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#LineItemContainer
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#Result
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lis/v2/outcomes#ResultContainer
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v1/ci#ContentItem
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#AssignmentLink
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlChoice
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#BaseUrlSelector
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Contact
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Context
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#DocumentTarget
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Endpoint
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HasCode
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#HttpMethod
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconEndpoint
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconInfo
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#IconStyle
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedName
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LocalizedText
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#LtiLink
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#MessageHandler
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#MessageType
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Parameter
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductFamily
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInfo
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductInstance
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ProductProfile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#PropertyMap
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceHandler
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ResourceType
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestService
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#RestServiceProfile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#SecurityContract
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceDescriptor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceOwner
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProfile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ServiceProvider
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ShortLocalizedName
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolConsumerProfile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProfile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxy
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolProxyBinding
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#ToolSettingsContainer
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Vendor
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#DataValue.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#GUID.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#LongName.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#Name.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#ShortName.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#Text.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#Token.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#VariableName.Type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#GET
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#POST
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#embed
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#frame
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#iframe
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#overlay
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#popup
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/lti.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#window
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:@prefix lti: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:@prefix ltiv: <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:@base <http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#> .
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#> rdf:type owl:Ontology ;
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/lti#Capability
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Variable
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:<http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#> rdf:type bind:TargetNamespace ,
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Context.org
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseOffering.academicSession
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseOffering.credits
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseOffering.label
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseOffering.longDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseOffering.shortDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseOffering.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseOffering.title
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.courseNumber
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.credits
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.dataSource
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.dept
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.enrollControl.allowed
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.enrollControll.accept
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.label
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.longDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.maxNumberofStudents
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.numberofStudents
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.shortDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.sourceSectionId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.timeFrame.begin
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.timeFrame.end
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseSection.title
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseTemplate.courseNumber
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseTemplate.credits
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseTemplate.label
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseTemplate.longDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseTemplate.shortDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseTemplate.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#CourseTemplate.title
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.email
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.enrollControl.accept
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.enrollControl.allowed
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.grouptype
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.longDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.parentId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.shortDescription
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.timeFrame.begin
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.timeFrame.end
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Group.url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#LineItem.dataSource
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#LineItem.resultValue.max
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#LineItem.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#LineItem.type
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#LineItem.type.displayName
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#LtiLink.custom.url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Membership.collectionSourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Membership.createdTimestamp
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Membership.dataSource
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Membership.personSourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Membership.role
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Membership.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Membership.status
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.country
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.locality
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.postcode
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.statepr
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.street1
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.street2
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.street3
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.street4
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.address.timezone
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.email.personal
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.email.primary
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.name.family
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.name.full
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.name.given
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.name.middle
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.name.prefix
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.name.suffix
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.phone.home
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.phone.mobile
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.phone.primary
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.phone.work
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.sms
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Person.webaddress
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#ResourceLink.description
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#ResourceLink.title
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Result.comment
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Result.createdTimestamp
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Result.dataSource
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Result.resultScore
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Result.sourcedId
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Result.status
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#Result.url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#ToolProxy.custom.url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#ToolProxyBinding.custom.url
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#User.id
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#User.image
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#User.org
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/vocab/lti/v2/variable.ttl:###  http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/vocab/lti/v2/variable#User.username
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/xsd/lti/v2/ltid/XSD.xsd:  xmlns="http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#"
repo/purl.imsglobal.org/xsd/lti/v2/ltid/XSD.xsd:  targetNamespace="http://pseudopurl.kinexis.com/xsd/lti/v2/ltid#"
